[Music]
Dalia studies hard for an exam trying to
block out the seemingly endless war all
around her after being displaced four
times the nursing student and her family
returned to their damaged home in abasan
east of Kan yunas seeking some semblance
of normaly now Dalia is continuing her
education thanks to an initiative by
beate University in the occupied West
Bank she and more than 3,000 others are
studying for free as visiting online
students it's an Endeavor that requires
determination Dalia must find an
internet connection and hope it will
last for the duration of the lecture or
test we don't make a choice in choosing
what food we can eat or drink what kind
even Flo nothing so the education for us
is our choice to think about
future professor and dozens of beers
academics and administrators volunteer
their time to students from Gaza he says
this is an act of defiance and
camaraderie and it's the least they can
do it's a formidable task in the past 9
months Israel has damaged or completely
destroyed all universities in
Gaza 88,000 students have lost their
path to the Future our role is actually
to give the chance for the people to
imagine a different future rather than
the pred decided future by the colonial
power for Dalia studying is about
resisting the normalization of war and
inspiring others to look to the Future
as you know children grow up in this
situation and they think that all of
this is normal no we have rights we have
freedom education and food and
everything studying gives me hope Dalia
tells me it allows me and my family to
look past the death and
destruction but to hold on to hope in
Gaza is to defy the
odds shortly after our conversation
Dalia and her family were forced to flee
again in the dead of night under Israeli
bombardment now in a tent in the
scorching heat of Ali's Dunes Dalia
holds on to her notes the only remaining
promise of a different destiny n Al jaaz
rala occupied West Bank
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer